nginx reverse proxy: allow bigger file upload ⬆️ (#657)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/networking/nginx.md

    # listen [::]:443 ssl http2;
    server_name DOMAIN_NAME;

    ## The following setting allows you to upload files like images.

>     sendfile on;

Reviewer: I'd prefer to either remove this or explicitly set it to off since it's not a requirement to make uploads work and breaks uploading on filesystems like ZFS if enabled.

Author: Thank you for that input. I misunderstood how sendfile actually works.  📖👀
Since it is disabled (off) by default I would prefer to remove these two lines to keep it short and simple. 
If this is a common issue we might add an extra `## Troubleshooting` section for such things.

I do a quick rebase/force-push

    # listen [::]:443 ssl http2;
    server_name DOMAIN_NAME;

>     ## The default `client_max_body_size` is 1M, so this might be not enaugh for some posters, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## The default `client_max_body_size` is 1M, this might be not enough for some posters, etc.
```
